Spectra v2.10.4 (#3656)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

**Requires at least:** 5.6  
**Requires PHP:** 7.4  

> **Tested up to:** 6.4.1  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tested up to:** 6.4.2  
```

Reviewer: This has been addressed in PR #3657, and will be merged here.

## Changelog ##

### 2.10.4 - TUESDAY, 12th DECEMBER 2023 ###

> * Security Fix: Hardened the security of the plugin. Props: Wordfence
> * Improvement: Added vw as a Typography size option
> * Improvement: Buttons - Added an option to inherit the secondary styles when using the Astra theme.
> * Improvement: Inline Notice - Added accessibility for the close button.
> * Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein the fallback image would appear repeatedly when the Container background was set to video.
> * Fix: Form - Resolved an issue wherein form submission not working, when ReCaptcha version is selected and enable ReCaptcha is disabled.
> * Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved an issue wherein the images in the paginated masonry layout would not be clickable.
> * Fix: Popup Builder - Resolved an issue wherein only the latest 10 popups would be visible on the frontend when enabled.
> * Fix: Taxonomy List - Resolved an issue wherein the hierarchy would not be displayed as intended in the list layout.

Reviewer: Here is a rephrased version of these 9 entries.

```suggestion
* Security Fix: Hardened the security of the plugin. Props: Wordfence.
* Improvement: Buttons - Added an option to inherit the secondary styles when using the Astra theme.
* Improvement: Inline Notice - Added accessibility for the close button.
* Improvement: Global - Added viewport width as a typography size option.
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein the fallback image would appear repeatedly when the Container background was set to video.
* Fix: Form - Resolved an issue wherein form submissions would not work as intended when a ReCaptcha version is used and ReCaptcha is disabled.
* Fix: Image Gallery - Resolved an issue wherein the images in the paginated masonry layout would not be clickable.
* Fix: Popup Builder - Resolved an issue wherein only the latest 10 popups would be visible on the frontend when enabled.
* Fix: Taxonomy List - Resolved an issue wherein the hierarchy would not be displayed as intended in the list layout.
```

Reviewer: This has been addressed in PR #3657, and will be merged here.

* Fix: Tabs - Resolved an issue in which the tabs wrapper margin would appear differently in the editor and the front-end.
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the WooCommerce and custom template-styles would not load as intended in FSE themes.
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue wherein the template styles for custom post types would not load as intended in FSE themes.

> * Feature: Container - Added new auto-width and equal-width options to the Container block.

Reviewer: This should be in 2.10.4.

Reviewer: This has been addressed in PR #3657, and will be merged here.
